docs: How to use and migrate design tokens (#1059)
cultureamp/kaizen-design-system: packages/design-tokens/README.md

**Please note** that the helpers in this package are specifically for accessing and using these design tokens. Component-specific helpers are best suited for kaizen-component-library.

> As of V3, design tokens are also **themable**; they are intended to be used as if they can be **switched at runtime**. Because of this, we employ [CSS Variables](https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_variables.asp)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of V3, design tokens are also **themable**; they are intended to be used as if they can be **switched at runtime**. Because of this, we employ [CSS Variables](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Using_CSS_custom_properties)
```
